hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
a fall outfit of the day video so I just
forgot where I was and say um but before
I do that I just wanted to say happy
birthday trivia r-calif choco X that's
her channel um it's her birthday today
as you can tell and um yeah happy
birthday I hope you have an awesome day
I hope you get everything that you want
and make sure you eat lots and lots and
lots of cake okay yay okay so moving on
to the outfit of the day I am just
wearing this cardigan a scarf and some
skinny jeans and let me just tell you
this is like what I wear when I when I
feel like dressing up for school because
honestly like let's be honest here okay
for the most part in fall and winter
actually I'll winter most of all I wear
sweats to school because I don't even
care like sometimes I just don't care
what it look like I just want to be
comfortable and I'm like I'm not even
kidding you my school is so cold inside
like I swear they have the AC on in like
winter which is ridiculous because
sometimes they'll be colder inside my
school than it is outside which just it
does not make sense to me yeah so you
know I just I just look like a look
lookin so that look like and like a
igloo or something wait you can't look
like an igloo I look like an eskimo yes
and I'll be like waddling like a penguin
with my like 50 layers of clothes on
it's ridiculous but um anyways back to
topic yeah if you can't tell I had a lot
of sugar so i'm really hyper right now
um veggies oh yes okay so I'm just bring
this gray cardigan and it has it's
pretty like detailing right there and
then I'm just wearing this bracelet
which is super pretty and then these
like earrings these diamonds does but
they're not real because if they're real
like oh my god no they'd be so expensive
okay so um what else okay for my hair I
have it in this like messy pony I just
kind of like twisting my bangs back and
then I just have it looks like really
messy kind of like loose pony and a
house and like straight
pieces of hair out like um and I just
really like the whole like a messy kind
of hair hairstyle i guess um so yeah and
then i'm just writing like a tank up
underneath the cardigan and a lot of
people thought this was actually like a
shirt but it's actually a scarf and it's
just leopard print and it's really nice
and i like it and then i'm just writing
he's like um light wash skinny jeans and
then for shoes I wore these bad boys
just kidding they're not bad boys are
just they're just shoes um yeah so those
are really comfortable and yeah that's
pretty much it okay let me just tell you
this really quick thing okay I'm so
crazy so I was like I'm my coma alone
right now and I'm I kept on hearing this
like noise and I was like four I was
just like freaked out and it was
actually my bracelet scraping against
the bees like it was like it was that
noise but like I mean you can't tell how
that would be scary just hearing that
what you're like home alone you know um
so I spent a good like three minutes
like trying to figure out you know what
it was and I was like oh my god what is
that was freaking out and this is all
like on camera in the video so if you
guys want to see it let me know I mean
it's pretty embarrassing for me but I'm
willing to sacrifice my pride just
kidding um um but yeah it's kinda really
really funny like I think it's really
funny so yeah let me know um but yeah
that's pretty much it i guess i'll talk
to you later guy